README.md, before:

django-request
==============

[![Build Status](http://img.shields.io/travis/django-request/django-request/master.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/django-request/django-request)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/django-request/django-request/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/django-request/django-request?branch=master)

django-request is a statistics module for django. It stores requests in a database for admins to see, it can also be used to get statistics on who is online etc.

![Traffic graph](docs/graph.png)

As well as a site statistics module, with the `active_users` template tag and manager method you can also use django-request to show who is online in a certain time.

    Request.objects.active_users(minutes=15)

To find the request overview page, please click on Requests inside the admin, then “Overview” on the top right, next to “add request”.

Installation
------------

- Put `'request'` in your `INSTALLED_APPS` setting.
- Run the command `manage.py migrate`.
- Add `request.middleware.RequestMiddleware` to `MIDDLEWARE`. If you use `django.contrib.auth.middleware.AuthenticationMiddleware`, place the `RequestMiddleware` after it. If you use `django.contrib.flatpages.middleware.FlatpageFallbackMiddleware` place `request.middleware.RequestMiddleware` before it else flatpages will be marked as error pages in the admin panel.
- Make sure that the domain name in `django.contrib.sites` admin is correct. This is used to calculate unique visitors and top referrers.

Detailed documentation
----------------------

For a detailed documentation of django-request, or how to install django-request please see: [django-request](https://django-request.readthedocs.org/en/latest/) or the docs/ directory.

Commit message:

kickstart metrics apps from request codebase

README.md, after:

django-site-metrics
===================

django-site-metrics is a statistics module for django. It stores requests in a database for admins to see, it can also be used to get statistics on who is online etc.

As well as a site statistics module, with the `active_users` template tag and manager method you can also use django-site-metrics to show who is online in a certain time.

    Request.objects.active_users(minutes=15)

To find the request overview page, please click on Requests inside the admin, then “Overview” on the top right, next to “add request”.

django-site-metrics is a "fork" of [django-request](https://github.com/django-request/django-request/), which focus only on postgresql support and is able to use a separate database.

Installation
------------

- Put `'metrics'` in your `INSTALLED_APPS` setting.
- Run the command `manage.py migrate`.
- Add `metrics.middleware.RequestMiddleware` to `MIDDLEWARE`. If you use `django.contrib.auth.middleware.AuthenticationMiddleware`, place the `RequestMiddleware` after it. If you use `django.contrib.flatpages.middleware.FlatpageFallbackMiddleware` place `metrics.middleware.RequestMiddleware` before it else flatpages will be marked as error pages in the admin panel.
- Make sure that the domain name in `django.contrib.sites` admin is correct. This is used to calculate unique visitors and top referrers.

Detailed documentation
----------------------

For a detailed documentation of django-site-metrics, or how to install django-site-metrics please see: [django-site-metrics](https://django-site-metrics.readthedocs.org/en/latest/) or the docs/ directory.
